The app works well most of the time. However, many of my friends and I have noticed that sometimes, snaps say that they were opened by us even though we never even saw them. This problem has been going on for a while and I only recently realized how common it was. It's frustrating to possibly receive an important snap from a friend, then open the app and not be able to see the snap.

Every time I open the app it closes within a couple of seconds. I can't use it anymore period. I've tried rebooting the phone, I've uninstalled and reinstalled, nothing works. It's a real shame too because snapchat was my main form of communication with most of my friends. Nobody else I know has this problem I don't know what the issue is. Please fix it :(

I like this app because it allows you to talk to your friends in a creative way with stickers, photos, etc. But, one drawback has been irking me for a while: the fact that cameos won't work for my Samsung Galaxy Note 9. I would like to send cameos to my friends for a good laugh, but turn cameos don't even show up on my screen for me. I am updated to the latest version, and have tried multiple videos to try and fix it, but nothing has worked. Please fix!

I've used snapchat for years but I'm about to the point of giving up on it. It's ridiculous how much this app affects the overall performance of my phone. Its currently using 1.40 GB of my storage and has used 25% of my battery since last fully charged (3 hours 20 minutes background use; 6 minutes active use). Its also somehow used 1.36 GB of my mobile data in the last 4 days just from running in the background. To make it worse, the app itself is a joke and the lag makes it almost nonfunctional

I am facing lots of issues since past month. Even though I haven't opened snaps which I received it shows "opened" to me. I can't even check what my friends are sending to me. Every other day my streaks are getting disappeared because of this. I did complain about this before, got an email suggesting to uninstall and then reinstall the app again. I did so and the problem got resolved, like I could see those snaps which were shown "opened" before. But I can't keep on doing it again and again.

I would've put 4 stars but when I would read articals on the explorer page the article doesnt want to fit correctly on my screen(still not fixed), sometimes when I open up my messages it show a notification but I already opened all of them(did it again not fixed!), another thing that's an issue is the zoom when I want to take a selfie(its too zoomed in). Also the back camera has been blurry for NO GOOD REASON! Please fix for the Galaxy S10e

Snapchat has improved greatly throughout these last three years. It doesn't only run smoother on the majority of devices but is more compatible on a wider spectrum of devices than ever before. Even older outdated tech it seems to work great on. It is also very nice that you can save your memories, pics, and videos to the cloud and pull them out whenever you please. One of the greatest features is that an account can only be logged in on a singular device at a time.

I dislike the new update because before the update, if you go to a person snap or for example they send you a message, you'd be able to have a little peek of the message but now it seems confusing and I can't do that anymore, I truthfully prefer the version before the update and if I could I would go back to it.
Every time I go to hide something for example Hide "Bunchie" it will reappear an hour later and you gotta hide it again and do that on a loop if you don't want to see it. That's very annoying. Another thing I get notifications when people send pictures but not when they text. Can yall fix this cause rn the only good feature on snap is to have fun with filters. The communication aspect of the app is to bugged out.

Sir, I have a problem. When I use video call the receiver is seeing me black and white and also have some green line on the top of the screen while video calls..on another softwares I don't have no any issues for video calls.i don't know what is the problem.i tried all the ways I known but it doesn't works. Am using a new phone. Redmi note 8pro.sir please fix the issues clear for me and another snapchat users.. It's a request.

Why are literally ALL of the snapchat filters messed up?? The placement of the eyes and eyelashes are spaced too far apart instead of right over mine so they make me look like an alien...is there any way you can fix this please? I'm giving 2 stars but I'd change it to 4 if you could fix that problem....

I've been using this for a very long time and i didn't experience any kind of problem but i hope that snapchat should offer dark mode ..it would be very helpful and attractive for the users. And another thing is that sometimes my snaps get opened automatically and i can not even replay them..i guess it is because of network issues, if not then please try to make it right!?? Overall, it is a *GREAT* app for snapping and chatting!????

Everything is broken I block people from my story and they still see it. The time of how long I've snapped somebody is wrong. It's says 56m when I snapped them 2 minutes ago and it's says I have a new snap when in actuality I don't. Fix your app Update. Five stars now. Everything is good. Just make sure I get notifications please

No complaints really its a great app had it for a few years now, updates almost always have a new function that youll probably use! I think a great idea would be to integrate the music search feature when viewing stories, if you hear a song you like on a friends story just hold on the screen and itll try to match the song. Similar to the tap and hold search on the users camera menu. Hoep you see this snap and think about it, dont forget me if it blows up ??

I love this app but I am having an issue where it says someone is active "just now" but when you click the map and go to them it shows its actually been 4 hours etc.. And this is happening with all of my friends. This started about a week ago, I am hoping it will be fixed with a quick patch/update? ????

On this app you can text people and see what people are up to. You can post in what they call your story and you can see other peoples stories. You can also save things to your memories and it wont affect your camera roll. This app is amazing!!!!! I definitely recommend it! I love it

In the preview picture, does no one see how she took the picture with her dog? Like did another person take te picture? Ion kno but still i love this app there are so many features that let you chat with your friends and even play games together! You can even see their stories and post important things like upcoming event or whatever. I just love how snapchat doesnt have limits when it comes to creativity!

Been using this app for a long time... But after I updated it today, some of my documents are deleted and I cannot star any of my documents.... That document was very important to me and I hadn't deleted that on my own... I have been facing this problem after I updated it... Can you please do something about it??

Had a problem with one of the ads, by mistake I clicked one of the ads and it started to open multiple tabs on Chrome with blank pages, I could not stop it. Need to power off my smartphone several times, stop Chrome process, clean cache, and do other tasks. I choose to uninstall WPS after many years of usage because I'm not sure if those ads are dangerous.

THE BEST PDF READER EVER! Proper tree-view outline, page cropping which does miracles on small screen devices, scrolling with proper protecton against sliding the page on the unwanted directon (maybe this could be made a bit stiffer, i.e. when scrolling on the Y axis the threshold for sliding the page on the X axis could be a bit bigger), wonderful font smoothing, etc. I'd give it 10* if i could, it's simply the BEST android reader i could find. The BAD: subscription only, cannot be purchased :(

Love this app. So easy to use. Also great to be able to open files from drive cloud on web, as well at password protected ones. One up from OneDrive. Finishing trial and really considering purchasing premium subscription. Great job. Keep it up. Btw, any chance of getting added to the beta group? Very interested in joining if spot opens up. Let me know.

Its a perfect app. Mainly used it for the conviniency of its excellent reading mode and word finder and seldom for making documents. Is there any option to reduce its required storage capacity for its accessories and extra resources? I used wps lite and it took the same amount of storage capacity as this one.
This app is wonderful. It's awesome. It has given me the quality l have never seen in any oda document app. In fact, l got much more than what l had expected from any app like this. I mean, it satisfied me beyond 100%. Pls, keep up the excellent quality. Big thanks to the developers of this app & for solving people's problems.

My experience with WPS Office is excellent. I have never had an issue calling up or saving MS Office documents or spreadsheets or PowerPoint presentations. Excellent!

I love this app. It works well when its the only pdf reader in your phone. It can open any file. Word, excel or pdf. But some pdf apps are limited
I've been using this App for a few years now and it does everything that I need it to do. I also use the PC version. Never had any issues. Great app. Thank you :)

Fantastic app. In fact the app does anything when it comes to documentation. Well done to the designers
Seems okay but it seems I can't open an entirely new document (only alter previous downloads?) and it doesn't seem to have a spell checker which is essential to me. Why is it so hard to find something so simple? All I want is an app that I can write without character limits, do basic formatting, save/access my work, and has a functional spell checker...is that so much to ask?!

Hate the new version. All my starred files are no longer starred and they could be anywhere. In addition, the Edit menu is gone. It will take me hours to figure out where all the starred files are and re-star them and every file shows as recently accessed with the same time stamp!!!!!!!!

I used to love it... Now it intrusively pops up a box every time I download or rename a PDF!!! Is there a setting to turn this off? If not, I hope you add it ASAP!!! I'd hate to have to uninstall based on this issue.

Cost me 16 quid to buy the pro version but it doesn't seem to recognise the licence. Second time it's happened, I cancelled the purchase and tried again. This time I can't cancel the purchase and I still don't get the premium features. Shame as it's at least as good as MS Office but would be a fraction of the price if it worked. TBH you get 99% of what you need in the free version so my advice is stick with that and don't buy the upgrade.

 have used this app for last 5 years, finally uninstalling because: 1. Way too much advertisements 2. Microsoft office is way better and have more features 3. It feels that UI is slow or maybe app has become is too heavy. 4. Chinese ownership- trust issues. All in all, it was a decent app and would have kept if ads were less bothering. Thank you.

App is very slow and if we try to make pdf or documents it says go to premium very dissatisfied with this type of service. It can be used for reading files only without any cost thats it. Only good thing is we can open nearly any file using this app.

Too much intrusive advertisement. Other than that, a descent app for viewing and editing documents on the go.

Add to home screen option isn't working. It does not generate shortccut to home screen. Otherwise its a useful app.

Now there aren't any problems but I accidentally deleted a file in this app that I really really need and it's really hard to recreate, so I tried to retrieve that file that I accidentally deleted, and it said that I needed to upgrade to premium or something but I'm only just a kid who wants to get his deleted file back for free, at least, so I tried to do the free trial for only the ' Document Recovery ' but it doesn't work. Maybe because I Don'tHaveEnoughButAtLeast TellMeThePriceThatINeedToPay

Good ! I use it everyday. Editing is not easy, though. The big round bubble that appears is, for me, an annoying, disorienting feature. I presume it's meant to zoom in where you touch the screen. Get a way to shut that off & make the bottom toolbar more accessible from within a document and I'll give it 2 more stars! The developers are communicative and keen to keep improving the app! Thanks for your quick response!

The desktop version of WPS is fantastic, though. You should definitely be using it if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg for MS Office. Don't pay for this version, though. Even for premium users, like myself, there are still features locked behind high paywalls. I'm on a Chromebook, so I can just get regular WPS instead of using this garbage, but I know that's not an option for most people.

Its an awesome app I have ever used. But there should be more contents like FREE

It used to be great, but now it has so many ads that's annoying

The app is very useful and good but the problem is that it is very difficult to use aa it hangs a lot and also works slow.
